Welcome to lesson three,
Supplemental Material, kind of a rinse,
repeat for the last.
>> Last couple of modules, right.
>> Last course.
>> Oh, yeah, courses.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So, it's alright.
Anyways, so what are we gonna cover?
>> And so, we'll go ahead and
start this course off talking
about the traditional phone.
Because that is basically
the precursor to what we're gonna talk
about right now, which is VoIP.
Right?
>> Yeah.
Essentially, we're talking the traditional
phone, and we're trying to adapt it to
this new type of technology,
Voice Over Internet Protocol.
But people still use traditional phones.
>> So, how do we call a traditional
phone from a VoIP program, and so,
it's kind of perspective.
>> From a VoIP program or
a IP phone, right.?
So yeah, kinda want to talk to
you a little about the public.
PSTN stands for
Public Switch Telephone Network.
That was in the acronyms.
>> Yeah,
hopefully it's on your cheatsheet as well.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And then,
we're gonna go over a particular
VoIP application called Linphone.
And we'll talk about this,
a little more in the next module, but
we wanna kind of tell you where and
how to access the source code for
Linphone, since it is an open source VoIP.
Program.
>> Mm-hm.
>> For Ubuntu, Mac, Windows, Android, iOS,
they pretty much have it all over.
>> Yeah.
So, you basically like adapt,
say your own kind of a web application
with the help of Linphone.
>> Yeah, and if you're skilled enough,
we're not gonna do this particularly,
we're gonna build our own on Android.
But if you're skilled enough,
you can go in there.
You can take a lot of this source code.
And you can apply it to what we're doing,
and make our application better, and
better, and better.
>> Or even maybe, make Linphone better.
>> Yeah.
>> And
you can tell them, give them an email.
>> Make Linphone better, yeah.
Participate on their forums and
their community or
just make your own personalized
VoIP app which can be pretty fun.
So, yeah.
>> And then finally,
we talk about Codecs and Codecs selection.
That's something we mentioned
earlier in the first session.
So, you know, but that was a very broad
overview, so you know what are codecs,
maybe you still have some questions.
>> Yeah, so
we'll see you in the next videos.